In space the skin on your feet peels off!
One million Earths can fit inside the Sun.
You become taller in Space.
The hottest planet is not the closest planet to the Sun!
You can cry in space but your tears don't fall.
In space metal sticks together.
There is a volcano on Mars three times the size of Everest.
An asteroid about the size of a car enters Earth's atmosphere roughly once a year - but it burns up before it reaches us.
The sunset on Mars appears blue.
There may be a planet made out of diamonds. It's called 55 Cancri.
The footprints on the moon will be there for 100 million years.
There is floating water in space.
One day Mars will have a ring.
The biggest galaxy (the IC 1101) is over 30 times bigger than the Milky Way.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
Pieces of Mars have fallen to Earth!
The Moon is drifting away from the Earth.
During the 1950's the USA considered detonating a nuclear bomb on the Moon.
Saturn can be seen with the naked eye.
Mars has seasons like Earth, but they last twice as long.
You wouldn't be able to walk on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus or Neptune because they have no solid surface!
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all the beaches on Earth.
A full NASA space suit costs $12,000,000!
One day on Venus is longer than one year on Earth!
The Sun is halfway through its life.
In 3.75 billion years the Milky Way and Andromeda Galaxies will collide.
The moon may have once been a piece of the Earth!
The Sun will eventually be about the size of Earth!
Jupiter does not experience seasons like other planets such as Earth and Mars.
Current theory suggest that asteroids are planetisimals - the building blocks of planets.
A meteorite will hit a human being once every 180 years according to a study by Nature done in 1985.
Most of the atoms in our bodies were created in stars through fusion.
If you fell into a black hole, you would stretch like spaghetti!
The light hitting the Earth right now is 30 thousand years old.
The Universe contains over 100 billion galaxies.